what is up everybody click would hear
back again with another madden 15
ultimate team head to head seasons game
4 in 1 on this current season here as
you guys can see we are up against an
opponent using the Washington Redskins
as a Cowboys fan you know I'm probably
not going to be too excited to play
somebody that has a redskins jersey so
in this game guys we're gonna lay it on
him with a dominant performance very
early in this one it was third and ten
and we connect with Rob Gronkowski for a
huge gain their 39 yards that set us up
into the position here to be able to
throw this pass on the next play over
the top to Brandon Marshall for the
touchdown 7 nothing on the first drive
and now defensively we are going to go
to work in this one guys defensively is
where I made my my money in this game
for sure he does complete a nice pass
here on third and ten to convert later
in the drive though he's not going to be
quite so lucky he's going to start to
throw bad passes here as we swap this
one away very very lucky and right here
guys we were going to bait him in and
get the user pick with a linebacker a
nice play there i have to say
defensively and we spin out of the way
to set us up at about the 43 yard line
here and Cam Newton's going to go back
to work here third and six with a
conversion there to Wes Welker now it's
going to be the running game here with
levy on bail and he's gonna spin in here
to pick up a first down of his own bad
pass coming up here nearly intercepted
they're probably should have been
intercepted but Brandon Marshall makes a
beautiful grab their sets up now this
second and four and guys we probably
could have thrown that in the end zone
there to Gronkowski didn't decide who
wanted to take the very safe pass there
which did eventually set up this touch
down at the 1-yard line with Cam Newton
the easy quarterback sneak diving over
the top and guys we're back on defense
and it's going to be another user pick
here the second of the game Luke
keighley gets the pick there and again
guys we're in very good field position
to 18 yard line shouldn't be too
difficult to put some points on the
board here as we get a near first down
here with Wes Welker on third nine sets
up a fourth and one and I'm just going
to run this thing right up the middle
here with lavie on bail for the first
down easy peasy there and that sets up
another touchdown pass to Brandon
Marshall there a simple out route at the
goal line against man coverage very very
difficult to defend and guy
another userpic coming up here the third
drive in a row ended with a user picked
Devin McCourty get to this one and we
are in position to go up 28 to nothing
before the end of the half a toss play
here levy on bail breaks loose nearly
into the end zone here but tackled at
about the five next play it's going to
be the same exact thing to the opposite
side the toss and we are into the end
zone typically I don't recommend the
toss but it was working well for me in
this one out of the strong formation us
we are able to put up another touchdown
second half now and my opponents
starting to drive down the field a
little bit here obviously he's down
three or four scores in this one but
unfortunately he throws another
interception switched into that one and
got the fourth user-pic of this contest
guys very great performance for my
defense something I don't usually have
happen for me and we're continuing now
to throw short passes here should have
been a first down there but it wasn't I
decided then to punt and give my
opponent to chance I easily could have
probably picked that one up on
fourth-and-inches but I was trying to be
a nice guy trying to give him an
opportunity to put some points on the
board himself so he doesn't get
embarrassed and he throws this one
almost into coverage again probably
could have been intercepted and finally
on this play he is going to get into the
end zone congratulations to him for
finally scoring but then he decided to
go for two and that kind of pissed me
off I have to be honest with you I mean
obviously i punted there on fourth down
to give him a chance to put points on
the board I easily could have picked
that one up on fourth-and-inches so now
that I've got the ball back after an
onside kick I'm gonna try and run up the
score here I mean if that's what happens
when when you try to be an a-hole and go
for two for no reason they're really
really was no reason for him to go for
two honestly and he's gonna be back on
offense now and throw another
interception here I think what is that
his fifth of this game I mean obviously
a terrible performance by him throwing
the football in this one nearly brought
that thing back there by Vontae Davis
but I look at Cam Newton here breaking a
tackle and he's gonna throw this one in
to Brandon Marshall who fights for the
extra yardage all the way into the
endzone for another touchdown 42 26 here
and this is the final play of this game
he's gonna lob this thing up into the
endzone who to Vontae Davis who get
his third interception of this contest
to finally wrap things up here we do get
the W here make it five in one obviously
my opponent wasn't very good in this
game but I hope you guys enjoyed the
video anyway if you did please be sure
to hit the like button subscribe if
you're new thank you guys again and I'll
talk to you again soon